But underneath, let you put the slide and the light wheel,
This card is worth 100 billion.
How do I know what kind of medicine is in your event?
What can this hundred billion move? Medicine?
Cruel but not cruel. Waiting for 100 billion,
Switch you to slide and you to slide. That cocoa cocoa cocoa cocoa cocoa cocoa cocoa
Cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa
Again and again, don’t mess with the Internet
Because you posted it online
Because of good strength
No, leave me alone
This means they don’t want to go online
I haven't thought about the need for his enemy's life
No matter Rongji, take care
Kill Gao and bully the countryside
It's no use even the media's punches
Hurry up and find a suitable enemy position